Important: #95647 - Composer installations and extension usage (#484)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Book-ExtbaseFluid: Documentation/4-FirstExtension/2-create-folder-structure-and-configuration-files.rst

Configuration file :file:`ext_emconf.php`
=========================================

The configuration file named :file:`ext_emconf.php` is required by TYPO3 in

> legacy non-Composer installations. It is recommended to keep this files in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Legacy installations. It is recommended to keep this file in
```

all extensions that are being published.

> he file is located in the extension's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The file is located in the extension
```

Author: Keep reading: it is the extension's top level folder. So therefore the 's. Fixed the other one
